<strong>Free Software Movement Karnataka (FSMK)</strong> is planning a 9 days Industry Orientation workshop during the summer break on preparing students on Free Software technologies for the industry. Currently industry is actively adopting free software to reduce the cost and have much more freedom to modify the software to suit their needs. This has resulted in industry's growing need of software professionals with expertise in free software technologies. This workshop is to ensure that students are trained on various free software technologies so that they are better prepared for the industry. The workshop will be a hands-on workshop where students will gain knowledge on various technologies like GNU/Linux, Qt, Python, Android, Networking in Linux, Web Development etc. The sessions will be facilitated by industry professionals with vast and varied work experience. At the end of the workshop, students willbe equipped with knowledge of free software technologies in various domains so that they can choose whichever domain they are interested in and start working on it right during the college days. 

About FSMK
===

<Strong>FSMK</Strong> is a registered not-for-profit organization whose primary objective is to spread and create awareness about free software technologies amongst different sections of the society. FSMK is driven by volunteers from various backgrounds like software professionals, government officials, academicians and students. The Students Chapter of FSMK works actively with college students and encourages them not only to use free software but also contribute to the development of various free software. We facilitate formation of college-wise units called GNU/Linux User's Group (GLUG) which conduct various technical sessions regularly throughout the academic session.

Background on Residential Camps
----

FSMK has been actively organizing workshops in various engineering colleges across the state since last 5 years. However, we noticed that a longer duration residential camp
completely dedicated to Free Software technologies will be of much greater help to students as they will be able to interact more with the speakers and get lot of time to practice their skills. Hence in 2013, FSMK conducted 2 residential camps for students which saw huge participation. In Jan 2013 we conducted a 5 days residential camp at SVIT, Rajankunte which 
was attended by around 160 students. Later in July 2013, we conducted a 9 days residential camp at JVIT, Bidadi which was attended by around 180 students. Our camps are organized by volunteers from the students community and also industry professionals. Similarly our resource persons are industry professionals from companies like Cisco, SourceBits, SAP Labs, Intel, MobiSir, Arista Networks, Intuit, etc.
